>> Eric: The first alternative that we
could potentially use to log pooling is
the Server-Sent Events.
This is the server-push technology,
so it's based on HTTP2.
And the way it works is when you
establish the connection with the server,
the duplex communication is used only
when you do the initial connection,
just the initial three-way handshake.
But the rest of the connection is
basically the server pushes the data to
the client.
So, in case of the Server-Sent Events,
the duplex Santana is that used,
we only use the receive only mode,
and whether that drain the energy.
Although, we still have an issue with
the reconnection where we need to do
the freeway handshake.
But the huge difference with the
Server-Sent Events that the reconnection
is implemented on protocol level.
So you don't need to handle
that on infrastructure wise, so
you can always resume from
the place where you started.
And the huge benefit business-wise for
using Server-Sent Events,
it's very easy to scale.
So for instance if we have multiple
instances of the server and
one instance is died, we can just forward
the request to a separate instance.
And because we can always resume
from the previous place using
the Server-Sent Events, so it doesn't
matter for us which instance will respond.
So since the Server-Sent Events
is HTTP2-based,
it also utilizes the TCP
socket differently.
We gonna talk about HTTP2
protocol just in a few moments,
but the huge benefit of HTTP2
it has the multiplexing feature.
The multiplexing allows us to open 200
requests within one single TCP socket.
So this means while in order to
be one to fetch five resources,
we have to open five TCP connection,
which is much less efficient.
So the Server-Sent Events is generally
much faster than long polling because it
also doesn't send any channel data.
So we don't send any
unnecessary headers and
receive only the data that
relates to the content.
And the summary for
that is there are definitely pros for
Server-Sent Events because
the connections can handled thematically,
it's very better, efficient from
the mobile device perspective.
And it doesn't send the overhead data and
the horizontal scaling of your
infrastructure is much easier when
you use the Server-Sent Events.
The cons though,
you can't push the data to a server and
only the string data is
supported by detraining this.
So you will need to parse the text
payload that you send from the server.
And when you need to use it,
that's good for both desktop and
mobile applications, and
it also provides a very good performance.
So the performance comparable to
the web sockets that we're going to
discuss on the next slide.
And it's very good for streaming the large
text data, if you have this case.
And the reason why you'd avoid this, is if
you are building very simple desktop app,
so then you'll be fine with long poll.
You don't need to really overcomplicate
the architecture of your app.